README.md, before:

# smallergames.com

Smaller weirder games, hosted on GitHub Pages.

## Structure

```
├── index.html              # Gallery landing page
├── 404.html                # Not found page
├── one/
│   └── index.html          # Dice fidget toy
├── assets/
│   ├── app.js              # Dice fidget: logic, state machine, events
│   ├── particles.js        # Dice fidget: canvas glitch effects
│   ├── loot.js             # Dice fidget: loot tier logic
│   ├── physics.js          # Rapier WASM physics (homepage + dice fidget)
│   ├── shared.js           # Dice fidget: shared utilities
│   ├── styles.css          # Dice fidget: styling and animations
│   └── fonts/              # Self-hosted Outfit font (woff2)
├── nothing/
│   └── index.html          # Placeholder page
├── AGENTS.md               # Development guidelines for AI assistants
├── CNAME                   # Custom domain config
└── README.md
```

## Development

No build step required. Use a local server:

```bash
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Visit `localhost:8000` for the gallery, `localhost:8000/one` for the dice fidget.

## Games

### one (dice fidget)

1. Select a die type (d4, d6, d8, d10, d12, d20, d100)
2. Click/tap or hold to build energy - the die rolls continuously
3. Fill the energy bar to "ramp" the die (+1 to max)
4. Release while ramped to resolve - beat the normal max for loot
5. Loot cubes drop with physics and can be knocked around by clicking

Commit message:

stripe's here. we're officially selling nothing

README.md, after:

# smallergames.com

Smaller weirder games, hosted on GitHub Pages.

## Structure

```
├── index.html              # Gallery landing page
├── 404.html                # Not found page
├── one/
│   └── index.html          # Dice fidget toy
├── assets/
│   ├── app.js              # Dice fidget: logic, state machine, events
│   ├── particles.js        # Dice fidget: canvas glitch effects
│   ├── loot.js             # Dice fidget: loot tier logic
│   ├── physics.js          # Rapier WASM physics (homepage + dice fidget)
│   ├── shared.js           # Dice fidget: shared utilities
│   ├── styles.css          # Dice fidget: styling and animations
│   └── fonts/              # Self-hosted Outfit font (woff2)
├── nothing/
│   └── index.html          # Buy nothing for $2.99 (Konami code unlock)
├── AGENTS.md               # Development guidelines for AI assistants
├── CNAME                   # Custom domain config
└── README.md
```

## Development

No build step required. Use a local server:

```bash
python3 -m http.server 8000
```

Visit `localhost:8000` for the gallery, `localhost:8000/one` for the dice fidget.

## Games

### one (dice fidget)

1. Select a die type (d4, d6, d8, d10, d12, d20, d100)
2. Click/tap or hold to build energy - the die rolls continuously
3. Fill the energy bar to "ramp" the die (+1 to max)
4. Release while ramped to resolve - beat the normal max for loot
5. Loot cubes drop with physics and can be knocked around by clicking

### nothing

A joke product page where you can buy "nothing" for $2.99 via Stripe. Enter the Konami code (↑↑↓↓←→←→BA) using the on-screen controller or keyboard to unlock the buy button.
